Rules introduction:
The maze is a 3D maze. 
You can increase your points by moving as much as possible to the end or killing enemies. 
The goal is to get a high score, and finally break through the maze and find the exit.
The roads of the maze extend in all directions, 
and you can press the Q key to open the mini map for a better experience. 
On the mini map, you can see the terrain of the surrounding maze, 
and enemies and props are also marked on the map by dots of different colors. 
Making it as far as you can towards the finish will boost your points.
The maze is full of venomous spiders that will cause your health to decrease when they come into contact with you. 
When health is 0 you will die and lose the game. 
You can quickly move away before disturbing them; 
or click mouse right button, switch out weapons, and click left button towards the spiders to shoot them. 
Spiders also die when their health drops to 0, and increase your points. 
But be careful, your speed will be reduced when you equip a weapon.
When you reach the end or die, the game will end and display your points, 
the highest score in history, the time used, the enemies killed and the number of bullets used. 
In addition, you can restart a game by click "play again".



Operation guide: 
Up arrow or W keys: move forward
Down arrow or S keys: move backward
Left arrow or A keys: move left
Right arrow or D keys: move right
Q key: open or close mini map
Mouse move: control perspective
Right mouse button: switch weapon
Left mouse button: shoot
Avoid or kill the spiders! Contact with spiders causes loss of health.


Help (Q&A)

Q: Why do I feel dizzy and nauseous after entering the game scene?
A: You may have 3D vertigo, please stay away from the screen; if you still feel unwell, please exit the game.

Q: How to check my health and monster's health?
A: There is a red bar at the top of the screen, which is the character's health; the monster's health is not displayed.

Q: Why did I die inexplicably?
A: When monsters approach you, your health will decrease. 
     Please stay vigilant and observe your surroundings from time to time. Monsters can be seen on the minimap.

Q: I don't see the mini map displayed on the page.
A: The mini map is turned off by default when the game starts. 
     It can be turned on by pressing the Q key, and it can be turned off by pressing it again.

Q: What do the yellow and red dots on the Mini map represent?
A: Yellow dots represent props (such as pumpkins), and red dots represent enemies.

Q: How to pause the game?
A: The game cannot be paused.

Q: How to exit the game?
A: You can close the current game directly, but this does not guarantee that your score will be recorded. 
    Currently only includes a "quit" button in the start and end menus to quit the game.